Hello and welcome to the very beginning of this whole implementation indeed.
Right now we're about to start building the environment which is the very first step of your AI framework
when you're building an AI to solve a problem.
And speaking of general AI framework.
Well we're going to do something great.
We're going to highlight the structure of the general AI framework so that you can take a step back
visualize it clearly and use it to adapt our whole implementation here to your own environment to solve
your own business problem.
And speaking of general AI framework make sure you understand that this these five files here in the
same order is also the general structure of this AI framework the general framework.
When you're building a deep reinforcement learning model that is when you're doing reinforcement learning
with deep learning.
So just to make it clear the right big steps of the general AI framework is first to define the environment
then build the brain then implemented Kule earning model.
There's the whole deep reinforcement learning process then that makes your AI.
And then you're going to train your AI in this training implementation file.
And once the training is done you're going to test it as you're going to simulate the actions of the
AI to regulate the temperature of the server over a certain period of simulation.
That's the whole general AI framework.
But then inside this general framework we're going to add some new structure which is still part of
the general framework basically.
Now we're in this big step building the environment and inside is big first step.
Well you're going to follow the same steps for whatever environment you're building to solve whatever
business problem.
And I highlighted these steps in capital letters.
So from now on you're going to see some code section titles in capital letters.
Well that will be for the general AI framework and you will see some other code section titles in minimal
letters and that will be for our own business problem.
That is what we're trying to do right now to regulate the temperature of the server and save the maximum
energy.
So remember the Capital letters are for the general framework which you will be able to adapt to your
own business problem with your own environment.
And then the minimal letters are for this specific problem that we are solving.
All right.
So you'll be able to take a step back and adapt things easily to switch from this implementation to
your implementation to solve your business problem.
All right and now that we explained that here we go let's build the environment and our first step here
is as you can see of the general framework to build the environment in a class.
So first let me explain quickly for those of you who don't know what a class is a class is simply an
advanced Python structure that will contain the instructions of something you want to build and hear
what we want to build.
Of course our environment the environment in which we will train our AI.
And so a class always contains the same structure.
First it contains the init method that will initialize all the variables of the class so that will be
all the variables and the parameters of the environment that were listed before and that are also listed
in the book.
And then we're going to have some other method which will be like tools which can either complete some
actions inside your class or here inside your environment or return some outcomes.
Right so basically In conclusion a class is an Advanced button structure that contains the instructions
of something you want to build into the parameters variables and some tools which are functions.
And so now that we explained what a class is let's explain the why that is why are we building the environment
inside a class.
Well that's because we are trying to mimic a real world situation.
And in our case what we're trying to do is build an AI AI to regulate the temperature of the server
to save the maximum energy.
But of course if we're doing that for a server.
Well we would like to do that for any other servers.
And if we build the environment inside a class then that means that in the end we'll be able to create
some object of this class and the objects of the class will be the environments themselves.
And so you know we'll be able to create one environment object for one server and another environment
object for another server which will have some other arguments or some other parameters so that what
we're doing right now for a single sir.
Well we'll be able to do it for other servers and therefore we'll be able to do that for a whole datacenter
regulating the energy of all the servers inside the data center.
So that's the advantage of being in a class that is we will be able to create as the environment object
as we want to regulate as many servers as we want inside the data center and you will see that when
we create some environment objects we'll be able to choose several parameters in the arguments and that's
what we'll do in the first method.
The init method so that we can easily plug our object environments to another Saroo which will have
some other parameters like some different Kuhr a number of users at this specific time t. where we connect
our AI onto it or some other Karun rate of data and that's the whole purpose of making a class so I
wanted to explain this so that you really understand the why of what were coding and now that we understand
the what and the why.
Well let's do the how.
Let's implement this whole environment inside a class.
And so what are going to be the steps of this implementation.
Well these are here these are listed here.
These are the steps and they're in capital letters meaning that these are the general steps of the general
AI framework that you have to follow when you build an environment for whatever business problem you're
trying to solve within the eye.
And here are the steps.
First we start by introducing an initialising all the parameters and variables of the environment.
So that's going to be the parameters and variables listed before then we're going to make a method that
updates the environment right after the AI plays in action at a specific iteration.
Then what you're going to do any time is to make a method that resets the environment because when we
train our AI we will need to reset the environment at the start of a new training book and then final
step of this first part of the general act where we are building the environment is to make a method
that gives us at any time the current state the last word and whether the game is over.
And that's because at some point we will need to get the current state the less reward obtained and
whether the game is over again at some point in the training.
So these are the general steps of the general AI framework and therefore let's start with the first
one introducing an initializing all the parameters and variables of the environment.
And so as we said well we're going to do that inside a method called the in that method that is written
this way and there is always the first method that you have to make when building a class.
So this is still in the general process and then now we're going to start doing things specifically
for our own business problem because in theory we're going to enter the arguments which are going to
be the variables which we won't initialize directly.
When building an environment object so that we can easily plug it to any other server or to plug it
to a same server but which will have its parameters changed and these parameters are going to be the
optimal temperature range you know the different servers can have different optimal temperature ranges
so we want to be able to input it easily whenever we plug our environment onto a new server.
Then it's going to be the initial month.
Indeed whenever you want to try an end user Well maybe you'll be in a different month of some other
servers you regulated before with another environment object.
And then of course we'll have these very important parameters remember them.
There are going to be the current number of users in the server.
You know when you start training your AI to regulate its temperature and also the rate of data transmission
in the service.
So we want to be able to initialize them directly whenever you want to build an environment and train
any eye to regulate the temperature of a server.
So let's end with these arguments and we're always by the way have to start with self which will correspond
to the future environment object that will be created after the class is done and self here will represent
the object so you will see that I will introduce all the variables of the environment which will be
actually all the variables of the object and to specify that these are variables belonging to the object.
Well I will proceed.
The variables were self-taught.
All right and then here we go.
Let's improve the other parameters.
First we said that each server can have a different optimal temperature range.
And here I'm going to enter some default values but these are going to be the values we saw before the
optimal temperature range of 18 degrees for the lower bound.
And remember 24 degrees for the upper bound then next argument.
Well as we said it's going to be that initial month.
Indeed we want to be able to specify the month we're starting the training and by default we're going
to say that it's the first month but we'll be able to change this value later.
And then the next parameter as we said is going to be the initial number of users inside the service
that is the current number of users.
When we start the environment to a specific server and training our AI to regulate its temperature and
by default we're going to set that to 10.
And finally we will also give us the option to enter directly the value for the initial rate of data
which will be of course the rate of data transmission at the time we plug the environment onto a new
server and train and the eye to regulate its temperature.
And by default we're going to set that to 60.
But again we'll be able to answer this later.
All right then Cullen.
And then here we go.
We're ready to define all the variables and all the parameters of our environment objects that is of
our environment.
And let's do that in the next tutorial.